Thales' Version Control Lesson 1 Reflections

How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

	Mainly because it highlight changes between versions. So, that restrics the scope of possibilities
	that caused the bug.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

	Because you can compare specific versions and you can have a timeline of changes of a file/project.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

	When you decide when to commit, you have the choice to produce logical points in versions, but
	you will have to make a good judgment. On the other hand, automatic saves are more pratical
	but not give us the chance to make logical steps in versions.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
	
	I believe it depends on version control's purpose. Git is focused on coding and project management.
	Others tools may be biased to general files and documents.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

	git log will show the recent commits in cronological order. git diff will produce a formatted output
	with differences between both commits such as deletions and insertion lines.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

	Version control permits recover from breaken projects to previous functional states.
	Additionally, you are able to track the exactly moment the bug was inserted.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

	I would try to work on a project, commiting changes and going back and forth as needed.
	This experience would give me a first impression of the benefits of its use in a daily basis.
